
                                Challenger Help

    *   Use the Up and Down arrow keys to scroll this help document.
    *   Press Ctrl + C to exit Challenger at any time and return to the
        terminal.
    *   Press Enter to launch a process for Challenger to inspect.
        Challenger will then ask you for the process's path and a filename
        to write the process's output to.
    *   Press Backspace to exit a screen and return back to the previous screen.
    *   Press Shift + / on some screens to show a list of that screen's keyboard
        shortcuts.

INTRODUCTION

Challenger is a program designed to benchmark the performance of non-halting
output-oriented programs. Programs which are designed to interface with
Challenger must output their results in a CSV-like format as detailed in this
document.

LAUNCHING A PROCESS

To launch a process, press the Enter key on the welcome screen. You will be
asked to enter the path to the executable and the output file to log the process
output into. For example, to launch a system-wide process called "primefind" and
store its output to outputs/primes.txt, the following must be typed in:

    Executable path: /usr/bin/primefind
    File to log output to: outputs/primes.txt

Once this is entered, the process will be run and the running process screen
will be shown.

OUTPUT FORMAT

To be read by Challenger in the most effective way, programs must output their
results in a format which is a superset of the comma-separated value format.

Firstly, programs must output the header as the first line. One such example is:

    selected, total

This example first line will tell Challenger to construct a two-column table
with the headers "selected" and "total". Once this is done, programs can then
begin to output their data as comma-separated values. Following our example:

    103, 260

This example will add two values in a new row on the table, with the first
column being 103, and the second being 260. Strings can also be inserted as
comma separated values. If a string contains a comma, the string must be wrapped
around in quote marks ("), for example:

    "apple, banana, pear", £1.20

This example will add "apple, banana, pear" to the first column in a new row,
and "£1.20" in the second.

To escape quote marks, type two in a row ("").

CATEGORIES

Challenger also utilises a system called categories. Normally, Challenger
interprets lines starting with a hash symbol (#) to be a comment, however, if a
number between 1 and 9 inclusive is written straight after the hash symbol,
Challenger interprets the line to belong to a certain category. For example:

    #1 18, 24

This example will create a new row with values 18 and 24. The row will also be
given category 1.

Categories are displayed in the table mode with different colours so that they
can easily be differentiated. Those colours are:

    *   Red for categories 1, 5 and 9
    *   Green for categories 2 and 6
    *   Blue for categories 3 and 7
    *   Yellow for categories 4 and 8

The colours may appear differently depending on your terminal's configuration.

Categories can also be filtered so that only certain data is shown, with the
rest being hidden.